MeltingWax: on behalf of Gikopoi, incorporate i have to give you a warning for non-giko behaviour
zzazzachu: kick a cat in the butt, punch a cat in the face with a knuckle duster
he's a fat finnish fuck who's chronically addicted to gay ERP
gyudon_addict◆BEeFydKN0w: australia was nortorious for its contributions to global food shortage in the 19th and 20th century, they called this the 'australia-hungry' empire
digimon: i have too much self respect than to listen to a crackhead in the uk
ááééűű: Booba-as-a-prank, also regularly known as prankba is the m
Anonymous: me and my african-americans get on our scooters and bugger every man in sight
Ilfak◆7FJpeEQRbg: i masturbate to Harold Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman and Julie Sussman.
animal style: trying to troll archduke is like trying to defeat allah in a spiritual battle
clowbPl❹b: Did you know that jews actually suck little tottler cocks P.Woolly
zzazzachu: fierman porn
zzazzachu: guys coke gotta a go pleaxrue lov ua l
zzazzachu: I may have wanted to suck on butters' big fat man tiddies but I have never posted a link with actual naked men kissing
killsushi: "baby Sonic but he's in diapers and has feet the size of the empire state building that glow with green radioactivity from the smell and people are passing out from it and also he is being force fed Amy's poop"
killsushi: welcome xmr we are talking about masturbating to fat people dying from bedsores
Pl❹b: Jesus will come again to judge the Risen and the Bread
Pl❹b: The jews brought netflix to rome too
ten: ima sped ima retaerd
zzazzachu: the worst type of trannies are the alt-right ones that have hitler anime waifu avatars
MeltingWax: that's a good quote for the zazz quote database
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: Consider this: A pack of wild Heyurians. Loutish, slavering lolicons nearing your VIP Qualtiy website. Forcing flashy 2000's memes. Not starting their threads from 1. And you can't do shit since they're underage. Kuz grabs your script and spams it with his CP . The sexually frustrated teens finally dominate your BBS. They watch lukewarm anime on Cytube and you are forced to be their slave. Such is the downfall of Anonymous. 
issue maker: i'm in a guild with 20-40 year old singaporean office ladies
zzazzachu: my friend died
pl❹b: if a lass aint birthinn by 18 she's missin her callin
pl❹b: bringing african slaves to the americas was a white conspiracy
pl❹b: oh it's filter time
pl❹b: would you please not pretend that what applies to white guys applies to the children of god?
DQN: how about you read Spinoza you cretin, fart more, live more, and fap to your hearts delight
killsushi: I had a dream the other night that 12 year old tokiko had been kidnapped by fat gingers and I was on a quest to retrieve him from their van, but then they broke my fingers after I refused to be their getaway driver so I jumped up and flew away while everyone clapped
killsushi: HRT did to autists what crack did to the hood
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: asking elf deniers where the keebler cookies come from: uhh uhhh... uhhh.
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: asking elf deniers how santa's toys are made: UHH UHHH 
