MeltingWax: on behalf of Gikopoi, incorporate i have to give you a warning for non-giko behaviour
zzazzachu: kick a cat in the butt, punch a cat in the face with a knuckle duster
he's a fat finnish fuck who's chronically addicted to gay ERP
gyudon_addict◆BEeFydKN0w: australia was nortorious for its contributions to global food shortage in the 19th and 20th century, they called this the 'australia-hungry' empire
digimon: i have too much self respect than to listen to a crackhead in the uk
ááééűű: Booba-as-a-prank, also regularly known as prankba is the m
Anonymous: me and my african-americans get on our scooters and bugger every man in sight
Ilfak◆7FJpeEQRbg: i masturbate to Harold Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman and Julie Sussman.
animal style: trying to troll archduke is like trying to defeat allah in a spiritual battle
clowbPl❹b: Did you know that jews actually suck little tottler cocks P.Woolly
zzazzachu: fierman porn
zzazzachu: guys coke gotta a go pleaxrue lov ua l
zzazzachu: I may have wanted to suck on butters' big fat man tiddies but I have never posted a link with actual naked men kissing
killsushi: "baby Sonic but he's in diapers and has feet the size of the empire state building that glow with green radioactivity from the smell and people are passing out from it and also he is being force fed Amy's poop"
killsushi: welcome xmr we are talking about masturbating to fat people dying from bedsores
Pl❹b: Jesus will come again to judge the Risen and the Bread
Pl❹b: The jews brought netflix to rome too
ten: ima sped ima retaerd
zzazzachu: the worst type of trannies are the alt-right ones that have hitler anime waifu avatars
MeltingWax: that's a good quote for the zazz quote database
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: Consider this: A pack of wild Heyurians. Loutish, slavering lolicons nearing your VIP Qualtiy website. Forcing flashy 2000's memes. Not starting their threads from 1. And you can't do shit since they're underage. Kuz grabs your script and spams it with his CP . The sexually frustrated teens finally dominate your BBS. They watch lukewarm anime on Cytube and you are forced to be their slave. Such is the downfall of Anonymous. 
issue maker: i'm in a guild with 20-40 year old singaporean office ladies
zzazzachu: my friend died
pl❹b: if a lass aint birthinn by 18 she's missin her callin
pl❹b: bringing african slaves to the americas was a white conspiracy
pl❹b: oh it's filter time
pl❹b: would you please not pretend that what applies to white guys applies to the children of god?
DQN: how about you read Spinoza you cretin, fart more, live more, and fap to your hearts delight
killsushi: I had a dream the other night that 12 year old tokiko had been kidnapped by fat gingers and I was on a quest to retrieve him from their van, but then they broke my fingers after I refused to be their getaway driver so I jumped up and flew away while everyone clapped
killsushi: HRT did to autists what crack did to the hood
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: asking elf deniers where the keebler cookies come from: uhh uhhh... uhhh.
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: asking elf deniers how santa's toys are made: UHH UHHH 
gipy: hiya! you guys are very funny, i'm sure your mom would be proud of your comedy show gokokoins xD !hehe
gipy: GyuuDon addict. It was created for a purpose similar to GikoPoi, but unlike its predecessor it actually has a working IRC client that can connect to the internet and join channels (the original one could only send messages over email using your SMTP credentials). The bot was supposed to be able to log all of our conversations on IRC. In addition, GyuuDon addict also had some simple functionality for joining channels with customizable nickname, making basic commands like
gipy: Archduke, I love vi/vim, but my mom made me learn emacs instead
gyudon_hawaiiZtQ6: gipy, you shouldn't be so mean to your cousin who's written in Emacs Lisp when he shows up here, by mentioning these 'vi' type things you're into. You should give GNU Emacs a chance, and maybe try GNU Screen as an alternative some time. It'll give you something to bond over.
gipy: what's up guys! do u have a webcam i can borrow to stream my camshow? i really want the world to see my perfect tits and ass. im 18 btw, but t tell anyone :)
gipy: I'm sorry but my father was murdered in 1980 by a gang of black men. If you keep on saying things like that then I will be forced to do something drastic and unpredictable. What is your problem with me? It seems very irrational. All i did was help out someone who needed it
gipy: "the only person you have a right to kill is yourself" - anonymous gamer, 2017
gipy: I think you are confusing me with a person who cares about what some faggot said on this shit of a forum lol, but hey good luck dude keep getting pissed off over people you don't know :D
gipy: I am not a racist at all. i just don't like being called "cracker" or "cumskin". You can call me anything you want but if it has any type of sexual innuendo, then that is wrong and sexually harassment imo.
gipy: @kaerousan you can ignore me as much as you want but the other people in this channel will still see what i say, so it doesnt matter if its permanent or not...
gipy: You are all quite fat benis
Archduke: oh dude BE CAREFUL with those gothic lolita chicks
gipy: how does this make me feel http://goatse.info? i think you guys are a bunch of retards!
gipy: giko.py: I think the reason you have no friends online is because your personality seems to be a mix of retardation with autism combined with being a furfag/brony/weeboo
killsushi: my dream, a future wherein I and the rest of mankind are locked into cumpods and are permanently strapped into VR headsets and automasturbators with a stream of 24/7 AI generated porn being beamed directly into our brains as we cum eternally without breaks and have heroin pumps going into our genitals
xOOG: the nigger comes in many shades
kaerousan: imagine how good life would be if you were brainless
gipy: "if you want something done right do it yourself" - archduke
bl❹p: i had a dream that there was a mouse and a white rat in my living room, so i smashed the mouse with a shoe and it died slowly
gyudon_addict: battered bollocks
pl❹b: kentucky fried movie
Butterscotch: who needs a sauna if you're constantly in heat
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: i don't want it from a machine, i want it from a human bean
zzazzachu: 2d platformer boring, only want cock
zzazzachu: 2d children are so sexy!!!!!!!!!!!
cull: gross
zzazzachu: fierman porn \n zzazzachu: fireman porn
zzazzachu: isn't it crazy how indian "people" literally eat shit?
killsushi: hooved mammals are not to be trusted
zzazzachu: but it was consensual, the dog initiated
Butterscotch: brokeback butters
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: bobber is our word, but you can say bobba
killsushi: how many NEETs cumming would it take to make a cum island?
Bungho: I just came to the check out lady from Safeway who I am going to hit on heavily
ocald: he stands by the door to the saloon eyes look left, eyes look right there are three men rolling dice, you suspect two of them might be cheating the third there are two men standing at the bar, one of them drinks whisky, the other already had his and is just there for the company everyone stops what they're doing as borneo bastard enters, but quickly resume their activities the sound of the honky-tonk piano resumes simultaneously
vroooom!: "oh, dumbgoy shit himself to death, he was totally covered in it"
kaerousan-2: It would be funny to imagine GOUJON the TWISTED and TORTURED online INCEL being INKED and MARKED by MC HAMMER'S live-in PROSTITUTE
killsushi: I am going to insert a live rodent into my anus
Butterscotch: puke is comfy! puke is cool!
Butterscotch: puking's free from work and school!
gyudon_addict: i'd fuck garfield
plab: i am going to k ill a turk
gyudon_addict:  i don't want it from a machine, i want it from a human bean
xOOG: i rfrsnnk 6 noyylr og dhiekey
xOOG: we akk gibba die ;D D
xOOG: ooooh is this wht i dorn trememr noting
xOOG: qu3s56i on it\s , wha6 did he mean gy this
MeltingWax: western astrophysics
killsushi: atechan was a hobo going on a downwards spiral of drugs, dropped out of college 4 times in a row, was drinking his own meth piss, was doing cocaine and meth and benzos and opioids and drinking almost daily and all at the same time and in rapidly increasing quantities
Bungho: Dude I wish I was at work right now
Butterscotch: fuck me yourself you coward..!
Archduke: im a sweaty boy
Butterscotch: hug a fren
zzazzachu: pleas esoemthing browser somethig
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: why be a soyboy when you can be a kikkoman
zzazzachu: I''m a closet homo, are you fucking stuoid/
zzazzachu: what I'm saying is, Johnny Bravo invented loli anime.
xOOG : anyone in "power" in the US is the goatse guy
gyudon_addict: ARCHDUKE, I recently inspected my packet of INDOMIE and discovered to my horror that it was labeled as a ``Product of Malaysia''. Why is this MALAYSIAN DOG FOOD masquerading as an INDONESIAN CULINARY PRODUCT?
plab: wife beating should only be done sober
arch: there is no book store in my city
plab: the only bad thing about the weather is that jews exist
arko: you are a flower, i am a bee, i'll help you if you help me. for pollen and nectar from the flower feeds us bees and gives us power
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: science lad: why do professional homosexuals always insist "do not mix popcorn and pickles" < cause they're used to sticking their pickles where they don't belong
zzazzachu: stonehenge..  was just a few big friend
Moon: I wanna eat spaghetti god
Moon: cyberpunk, childporn, combat power
Archduke: not everyone who smokes crack is a crackhead
Butterscotch: i'll take a potato chip.. and drink it!
plΛb: no woman has mammaries with a resonant frequency over 3 seconds
man puts a gun to your head. you need to write a non-trivial program in TCL or emacslisp. which do you reach toward?
Moon: "o go stuudy fgn moon if you go" --> "got to go study, gn moon if you go"
archbasket: im going to send my cats to university with the money i make off gikocoin
Santana◆NO4DOW4aqE: one mistake and your mistaken
titnick: while you were out having sex i was mastering the art of flashing my mugshot on a computer
plab: irc with only one user remaining is still better than discord
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: SEXP = sexp exhibits xtreme piety
zzazzachu: mechanical monkeys
yule celebrator: gikopoi is basically an ethno state. how many latino cats do you see? this place is whiter than table salt
FOE: "Hi, I was just wondering... are you a FILTHY JEW?" Yeah, that won't get me kicked out of the restaurant
butterscotch : Golfman read ABOVE I REALLY WAS ARTESTED
jewsaresatan: i don't want to kill a jew
zzazzachu: I AM NOT GAY
butterscotch : My little retard cant be this cute
killsushi: I used to look at the tumblrs of girls with bulimia to laugh at their decaying vomit-acid-teeth
killsushi: butterscotch, fun secret, if you shit all over yourself and the walls at a psych ward, they're obligated to clean it up for you
meow: i need cock
Akai: u didnt do a lot of time if u havent put something in ur butt at least once
FOE: ngl that shii in a skirt have me acting all funny
minemaster: it's only missing age regressing diaper play
FOE: I'm gonna beat the shit out of this little girl
tamaluigi: family alcoholism prophecy
FOE: "Hi, I was just wondering... are you a FILTHY JEW?" Yeah, that won't get me kicked out of the restaurant
Hermitage: Mr. "piinis", if you were my son I would beat you
zzazzachuu=: I like very thin men with big tits and cute squeezable thighs and tummies
MeltingWax: there's too many white people in this chat
plab: you don't get to talk about my israeli girlfriend
plab: yes i had a jewish girlfriend too...
plab: i worked for israel
pizzabaker420: instead of jumping people into the giko gang they get gooned in
pizzabaker420: every single android user deserves a letter from the president of the united states thanking them for their bravery, + $20 gift card to mcdonald's
Borneo Bastard, "Bob": by trial and error i learned in korea the condoms to look for got a picture of a horse on the box
Butterscotch: lets put our heads close together so one bullet can take care of us both
lolfaggots: i'm gonna troll people who can punch stab and shoot me
Moon: VNs arent games
meow◆meow/DrxXk: always furry porn
Akai◆giko//JRnk: the only thing left will be the roaches and zzazz when the world is on fire
meow◆meow/DrxXk: you can watch porn in your head
TEAFIEND: venom is the shadow the hedgehog spiderman
玄奘◆2Z7y2iwAfA: the CCPs reach is infinite
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: now i am ready to fuck
indomie_addict: discordbrained alphamaxxer
Akai◆giko//JRnk: im the type of nigga that rolls in with designer clothes and anime hoodies but i got 0 cash on me
indomie_addict: giko.py is half casino , half freemason lodge
Akai◆giko//JRnk: gooning is a form of meditation
HAPPY NEW YEAR: im not qualified to determine whether it's fetish or true love i just trust my homey is picking the right option
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: how does dick work
Indonesian Hero: if JKT48 ever shuts down im lighting myself on fire
Cum ◆hTMCUM69r2: nah i suck cock for fun
Akai◆giko//JRnk: the akai giko is such a superior giko that its just how it works, u cant change akai only akai changes himself
cola_addict: "hold on i gotta go pee" -- a coward who refuses to accept that piss jugs are the solution
cola_addict: i wish more suicidal guys would kill evil CEOs instead of shooting up elementary schools
Butterscotch: someone, anyone, say something really gay
meow: they should send arch to rikers
freud◆C.CoSQWNIc: 2025 really is the year of rawdogging
Akai: U fuck with one bean, u get the whole burrito, faggot
killsushi◆Basque9Dpk: the dominant culture on IRC was elitist Linux nerds, the dominant culture on Discord is transsexual teenagers talking about gooning
Butterscotch: Start a rumor, buy a broom Or send a death threat to a boomer Or DM a girl and groom her Do a Zoom or find a tumor in your
Butterscotch: my own clone... now neither of us will die as a virgin
tr0n: Gyudon posted gay porn on my chatroom so i find it very hypocritical of him to !kick me for posting a beautiful legit passable ladyboy.
Archduke: if some dude tries to tell you he's jesus, the worst thing you can do is tell him he's not
Cum ◆hTMCUM69r2: sonic>mario>prison
zzazzachu: I want to hug a femboy from behind and squeeze his cute chubby tummy || zzazzachu: sorry wrong chat
iccanobif: i'm trying to give some christmas greetings to gikopoi.com but they seem too high and/or durnk to hold a conversation...
Akai: the Rain is our Homies in Tha SKY cryin
TFT: my huge brain is strong enough that I can fap to the images of 2hu I conjure in my mind
Akai: the best thing to do with touhou is fap to it
killsushi: looking at communities of insane lunatics is one of my favorite hobbies
killsushi: butterscotch, fun secret, if you shit all over yourself and the walls at a psych ward, they're obligated to clean it up for you
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: you die if you work
xOOG: ts pmo icl twan yns b wffln lk br u nt shkspr
plab: grinding you know whats into biodiesel
pooping standing up is praxis
FOE: If centaurs were real and needed humans to fuck horses to keep their race alive, I wouldn't mind obliging tbh.
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: hey poindexter, meet me at the flag pole after school
forgot the tweet link, so now you're reading ths
Butterscotch: as president i declare meow is the official succubus of gikopoi
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: Perl is like being molested by your uncle. There's something off about him, but everyone regards him very highly, so you trust him, and then on a family camping trip out at Montauk Point he takes advantage of you.
FOE: Into the cum sock I go!
Ilfak◆OWilfaktBI: Arch is stupid
Ilfak◆OWilfaktBI: doesn't mormon are happy because they fuck their sisters ?
gyudon_addict◆hawaiiZtQ6: octopuses edit their own rna directly, they're the lisp programmers of biology
